Add error code explanation for E0477 (#67723)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0477.md

The type does not fulfill the required lifetime.

Erroneous code example:

```compile_fail,E0477
use std::sync::Mutex;

struct MyString<'a> {
    data: &'a str,
}

fn i_want_static_closure<F>(a: F)
    where F: Fn() + 'static {}

fn print_string<'a>(s: Mutex<MyString<'a>>) {

    i_want_static_closure(move || {     // error: this closure has lifetime 'a
                                        //        rather than 'static
        println!("{}", s.lock().unwrap().data);
    });
}
```

> In this example, the closure doesn't satisfy the `'static` lifetime constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the closure does not satisfy the `'static` lifetime constraint.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

> To fix this kind of error, you need to double check lifetime of the type. Here,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this error, you need to double check the lifetime of the type. Here,
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.
